✨ Add `FanoutAig` that implements `mockturtle::fanout_view` (#116)
marcelwa/aigverse: docs/aigs.md

Reviewer: Please also add a small analogous section to the `README.md`

Author: Done.

        print(f"  Node {node}")
```

## AIGs with Fanout Information

> Fanouts on a single AIG node could be collected using {py:class}`~aigverse.FanoutAig`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fanouts of AIG nodes can be collected using {py:class}`~aigverse.FanoutAig`.
```

Author: Done.

```{code-cell} ipython3
from aigverse import FanoutAig
# Create a sample AIG

> aig = FanoutAig()

Reviewer: Due to performance reasons, it might make more sense to show the use case of first constructing a regular `Aig` and wrapping it in a `FanoutAig` afterward.

Author: Done.

x1 = aig.create_pi()
x2 = aig.create_pi()
x3 = aig.create_pi()

# Create AND gates
n4 = aig.create_and(x1, x2)
n5 = aig.create_and(n4, x3)
n6 = aig.create_and(n4, n5)
# Create primary outputs
aig.create_po(n6)

> fanout_list = aig.fanouts(aig.get_node(n4))
> print("\nFanout nodes of n4:")
> for node in fanout_list:
>     print(f"  Node {node}")

Reviewer: Can be simplified as above:
```suggestion
print("\nFanout nodes of n4:")
for node in aig.fanouts(aig.get_node(n4)):
    print(f"  Node {node}")
```

Author: Done.

        print(f"  Node {node}")
```

> ## Node Fanouts and resubstitution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## AIGs with Fanout Information
```

Author: Done.

> Fanouts on a single AIG node could be collected by using {py:class}`~aigverse.FanoutAig` class. The interface of single node resubstitution is also in this class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fanouts on a single AIG node could be collected using {py:class}`~aigverse.FanoutAig`.
```

Author: Done.

```{code-cell} ipython3
from aigverse import FanoutAig
# Create a sample AIG
aig = FanoutAig()
x1 = aig.create_pi()
x2 = aig.create_pi()
x3 = aig.create_pi()

# Create AND gates
n4 = aig.create_and(x1, x2)
n5 = aig.create_and(n4, x3)
n6 = aig.create_and(n4, n5)
# Create primary outputs
aig.create_po(n6)

fanout_list = aig.fanout(aig.get_node(n4))
print("\nFanout nodes of n4:")
for node in fanout_list:
    print(f"  Node {node}")
print("\nThe AND gate number before resub: ", aig.num_gates())
aig.substitute_node(aig.get_node(n5), n6)

> print("\nThe AND gate number after resub: ", aig.num_gates())

Reviewer: Please adjust after implementing the changes above.

Author: Done.
